second pass of getting help with altis guide (#241)
humanmade/altis-documentation: other-docs/guides/getting-help-with-altis.md

We break down support into different categories. Each has its own language and processes, but it should be somewhat intuitive. Let's go over the types.

![Altis Dashboard Create Support Ticket page, Question selected in Type dropdown menu](./assets/altis-support-type.png)

We currently have four types of support. Below is a description of each and how they are different from each other.

### Incident

Incidents are unplanned events that negatively impact service, or the quality of service of Altis. Be this part of the hosting infrastructure, or on the software side of Altis, if there is an issue which is causing an immediate business impact, this would be an Incident, and you can make a support request to help investigate.

From the support team side, Incidents get a rapid response. Alarm bells will ring, and we’ll put out the fires to get things running again by any means necessary.
If the site is down for example, select the 'Incident' type, with a priority of ‘Urgent’.

### Problem

Problems are the cause of, or can be the potential cause of future Incidents. If you're encountering a problem which could cause potential Incidents, let us know!

### Task 

> There’s an array of tasks that might you need help with. Typically, this might mean provisioning of infrastructure to accommodate some need, it might be providing access to some tool or service used by the team, or it could be to run an operation that requires a cloud engineer. 

Reviewer: Looks like there are some words that are swapped around. Didn't catch it in the first pass.
```suggestion
There’s an array of tasks that you might need help with. Typically, this might mean provisioning of infrastructure to accommodate some need, it might be providing access to some tool or service used by the team, or it could be to run an operation that requires a cloud engineer. 
```

# Getting help with Altis

> Everybody needs a little help sometimes, and in this guide we'll inform you on how to open support requests from the Altis Support Team. 

Author: I've changed this to just be a little more simple and straightforward, appreciate the feedback!

## Altis Dashboard

Support happens via the Altis Dashboard. From your Altis Dashboard you will be able create, view, and reply to open support requests. 

To open a support request, first you'll have to [login to the Altis Dashboard](dashboard.altis-dxp.com/).

From there, you'll find the link to the support page in the top right corner. See below.

![Altis Dashboard support link](./assets/altis-support-button.png)

From this screen you'll be able to view your open issues, all previous issues, and you can also query open and previous issues if you're looking for something specific. 

To open a new support ticket, simply click the blue 'Create New Ticket' button.

## Create Support Ticket

A quick overview of the of the screen: 

**Application**

> Select the or all Application(s)/Environment(s) to which the support ticket concerns.

Reviewer: Missing noun here. Not sure what's intended, but assuming it's something like this:

```suggestion
Select the specific Application or select all Application(s)/Environment(s) to which the support ticket concerns.
```

**Type**

> The type of support ticket, of which there are currently 4. Question, Incident, Problem, and Task. We'll go into more detail about which these categories below, but most tickets will generally fall into one of these four. 

Reviewer: Perhaps it's a regional thing, but "of which" sounds really formal to me. I think this could be more direct.

```suggestion
The type of support ticket. Currently there are four ticket types: Question, Incident, Problem, and Task. We'll go into more detail about which these categories below, but most tickets will generally fall into one of these four. 
```

**Priority**

> You can change the priority of a support issue, if you need to. In most cases you shouldn't need to change this, but feel free to let us know if something is a priority.

Reviewer: I don't think we need the comma here. 
```suggestion
You can change the priority of a support issue if you need to. In most cases you shouldn't need to change this, but feel free to let us know if something is a priority.
```

Do we define the priority levels somewhere? If we do, we should link them, and if not, we should. I feel like this opens up too much freedom to submit everything as "Urgent" or "High" priority without explicitly stating what those levels are expected to be from our/support's perspective.

Author: This is intentionally left ambiguous in this document.

**Subject**

> Short line describing the support request.

Reviewer: "Line" isn't quite descriptive enough of a noun to convey what you're trying to get at, I think. 

```suggestion
Short description of the support request.
```

**Description**

> The body of the support request.

Reviewer: While the intent of this field should be fairly obvious, I think we can be a bit more descriptive here.

```suggestion
A long-form description of the support request or problem you are experiencing.
```

Could also include notes about what would be good to include in the request body, e.g. "If you are seeing errors, you can include error messages here or screenshots of the issue..."

**CCs**

> You can CC additional relevant parties to the support request if desired. They will recieve carbon copies of the correspondance.

Reviewer: Does anyone remember what carbon copies are anymore? Or that that's what "cc" actually stands for? I think we can drop the "carbon." The English teacher that lives in my brain is also telling me not to use the word (CCs) in the definition of the word ("you can CC").

```suggestion
You can include additional relevant parties to the support request if desired by adding additional email addresses as CCs. They will receive copies of the correspondence.
```

## Support Ticket Types

> We break down support into different categories. Each has their own language and processes, but they should be somewhat intuitive. Let's go over the types.

Reviewer: "Each" refers to a singular category, so the pronoun should be it/its.

```suggestion
We break down support into different categories. Each has its own language and processes, but it should be somewhat intuitive. Let's go over the types.
```

![Altis Dashboard Create Support Ticket page, Question selected in Type dropdown menu](./assets/altis-support-type.png)

We currently have four types of support. Below is a description of each and how they are different from each other.

### Incident

> Incidents are unplanned events that negatively impact service, or quality of service of Altis. Be this part of the hosting infrastructure, or on the software side of Altis, if there is an issue which is causing an immediate business impact, this would be an Incident, and you can make a support request to help investigate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incidents are unplanned events that negatively impact service, or the quality of service of Altis. Be this part of the hosting infrastructure, or on the software side of Altis, if there is an issue which is causing an immediate business impact, this would be an Incident, and you can make a support request to help investigate.
```

From the support team side, Incidents get a rapid response. Alarm bells will ring, and we’ll put out the fires to get things running again by any means necessary.

> If the site is down for example, select the 'Incident' type, with a priority of ‘Urgent’.

Reviewer: This sentence can probably be in the previous paragraph.

Author: I brought it up to be part of the paragraph before.

### Problem

> Problems are the cause of, or can be the potential cause of future Incidents. If you're encountering a problem which could cause potential Incidents, let us know!

Reviewer: This is way more concise and clear and doesn't use the definition of an Incident as part of the description of what a Problem is. 👍

### Task 

There’s an array of tasks that might you need help with. Typically, this might mean provisioning of infrastructure to accommodate some need, it might be providing access to some tool or service used by the team, or it could be to run an operation that requires a cloud engineer. 

Tasks should be well described with detailed requirements and time scales. We will not be able to service same-day requests.

### Question

Have a question for us? Ask!

> If you have a technical question or require clarification on a feature, just open a support question, and our support team will get back to you.

Reviewer: I don't think the last comma is necessary because the "and our support team will get back to you" is not part of the list of things that might be Questions.
```suggestion
If you have a technical question or require clarification on a feature, just open a support question and our support team will get back to you.
```
